 https://codepen.io/grandelisn/pen/MWjagbL?editors=1100   




1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	It is the use of html markup to reinforce meaning of the information in webpages.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	To structure a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	They define additional properties of an element, they are enclosed in quotations towards the end of a start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	For the title of the webpage, most likely only once but there is no hard rule.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	metadata about the document
    7. What is an id?
 	a unique id for an html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	ideally once
    10. What is a class? 
	a block of code that performs a specific task and can be called on by the main program.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as often as necessary
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	create a class to trigger an event when you click on it. <a href="url">About</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	It specifies what the action does if the image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	<h1 id="myID"> text</h1>
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section define sections in a document, div defines a division in an html document and group block-elements.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	To style html webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	an id can only be used to identify a single element, a class can identify more than one, I would use an id to format a single photo on a page, where a class can format a whole section.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	#human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	It selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	<div class ="sidebar"> content</div>
	.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height: value;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing: value;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: value;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	<div style = "border:10px dotted black">
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	It is located next to the username ie.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	pwd
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm value, you should be careful because it permanently deletes the file, no recycling bin.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	So you can work on software without corrupting the original copy if you make a big mistake or delete everything.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Whenever you add a meaningful change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push origin -u firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	1. Fork, 2. Clone, 3. Branch, 4. Complete, 5. Add, 6. Commit, 7. Push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
